why did you delete your video about your  sex life i feel like i didn't convey my  message properly i know a lot of people  are like oh venus why do you take the  video down i really love to see the real  you i  don't really like the presentation of it  i ended up married at a very young age  and my mom organized this marriage  how the [ __ ] did that happen my family  cuckoo uh variable abuse physical abuse  my story hurts me just like such a  euphoria like i'm overcome with you for  and relax and it feels so good thanks to  the physical abuse i now have the bdsm  king thank you mom what currently makes  you happy and smile not currently but i  just want someone to  cut my head my home was made up of my  mom and at 10 square meter room and  still south korea so i was studying  korean and south korea and malaton came  to visit me mom did approach on him  visited me but for some reason just  right before he came she said that  he just comes to visit me without  letting her know um i was isolated my  mom is what you call a typical momager  and i didn't have any friends growing up  i was super isolated and socially  awkward from a giant you never ever had  an entire friend in your entire life  you don't even talk to males and you  never had a boyfriend that was me so i  don't really know what it was like to  fall in love but i didn't understand the  difference between platonic love  and friendship  and dramatic love and i didn't even  really know what it felt like to get  born for some but for some reason was  still okay and we could go to lottery  together and karaoke and  han river and we even went eating dinner  with my mom we had a lot of fun but when  managing saw the circumstance in stock  he told me that i should rather come to  japan where it is much safer i still  have great difficulty computing this so  there was this guy who was a huge fan of  my youtube channel and uh when they were  like oh i'm gonna go to disneyland and  uh excuse me  post that on social media  um i know people could uh come show up  there and  be like hey wieners i always wanted to  meet you which is exactly what happened  it was just that it was it was my now  husband  who did that are you ever thinking of  having any children in the future i  don't want to have children for the sake  of having children but if i've  ever  meet someone i really love and i'm like  oh i want to be with that person until  like forever then i would want to have a  family with them my mom was in south  korea and after all my mom is my mom and  i also wanted to study in south korea  and i've also could have continued to  study in south korea so why did i not  just stay in south korea i'm cringing at  my old soul now  so yeah then my back to crazy momma just  came in and was like  marriage and to be honest i was kind of  sick of having to deal with shouting  violence and constant nagging on how i  could be better on why i suck and she  also told me that he is probably dating  other girls and then whenever like one  of my moms top of that my mom started to  talk to her friends how malaki is a  pedophile and a factory workers and he  brainwashed me and is probably cheating  me right now and he's also a psychopath  because all pedophiles are psychopaths  manuki is not a pedophile he also  doesn't cheat on me he works in a  factory and  it's earnest average i don't see the  point in marrying for money because  isn't it the other person's money it's  like  yeah my mom was kind of bad but he was  even  you know he was he was um not as bad as  my mom but he wasn't um  he's not what uh society calls a great  person ah  basically he did the same thing as my  mom he quit his job and i supported him  financially you take meds for depression  anxiety or do you do therapy if not have  you thought about it yes i do actually  just um a while ago i decided to stop  therapy and stop taking medication but  it got a lot better so well i want it  again i always put other people first i  couldn't say no i was a total doormat  but then reality hit me hard like just  constantly being a dormant pleasing  other people and basically living to  please my mom and living to please my  husband i didn't really take care of me  anyway in the end ironically he turned  out to be a mini version of my mom why  do you think it's a pro creator designs  and use it as a selling point for both  triggers people  hey  this is library  [Music]  you